Customer Obligations:

Before purchasing any mobile modem, the Customer shall check Irancell network coverage in the intended area using the “coverage map” available on Irancell website.‌ Since maximum coverage is provided in all areas and mobile modems can be used in various parts, it is not possible to return a modem due to lack of coverage.

In order to use Irancell services and products, the Customer shall accept the terms and conditions of the related service as well as the present terms and conditions.

The Customer shall be responsible to enter accurate and correct identity information while purchasing a service or product. In case any inaccurate information is entered by the Customer, central authentication system will not be able to generate reference number; therefore, service registration and activation will not be possible and Irancell shall have no responsibility in this regard.

The Customer shall pay the payable amount stated in Irancell Online Store via available online payment gateway.

The Customer undertakes to prepare the required documents and provide them to the postman at the time of delivering the package. Otherwise, the postman may avoid delivering the package.

The Customer undertakes to avoid receiving damaged packages from postman. Irancell shall not be responsible if, after receiving the package, the Customer finds out that it is damaged.

The Customer undertakes to provide updated information and documents at the time of placing the order. In case any discrepancy is discovered at any stage, Irancell shall be entitled to avoid delivering the product or activating the service.‌‌‌

The Customer shall provide the 10-digit postal code of its present domicile to be registered.‌ Please refer to your utility bills (fixed phone, water, electricity or gas) to get the accurate postal code of your place of residence. Please be careful while entering the postal code and other information since the information recorded in your file (in Irancell system) is the basis for providing you with all Irancell gifts and services.

Irancell Obligations:

Irancell undertakes to deliver to the Customer the purchased product or service within the specified period and in accordance with the terms and conditions referred to on Irancell Online Store website.‌

Irancell shall post the purchased product to the address announced by the Customer.

In the event that the Customer pays the price of a product or service the provision of which is found to be impossible later, Irancell shall refund the amount to the Customer.

Purchase Cancellation:

Customers who purchase their mobile modem via Irancell Online Stores may cancel their order within 7 business days after placing their order (prior to receiving the modem) and ask for a refund.‌‌ To ask for a refund, the purchaser (the person under whose name the SIM Card is registered) may contact Irancell Call Center by dialing 700 from Irancell lines or 09377000000 from other lines or may raise their request through online chat with Call Center agents.‌ (It’s better to cancel your purchase as soon as possible in order to avoid any payment or waste of time.)‌

If you cancel your order (before receiving the mobile modem), the amount will be returned to your Irancell Online Store Wallet and then you will be able to transfer the amount to your bank account or purchase again.‌

Please note that in case you wish to cancel your mobile modem purchase, you should not take delivery of the purchased product from the postman since the mobile modems delivered will not be subject to refund policy.

Only the amounts paid using a bank card connected to a centralized account can be refunded. Payments made using a gift card or other similar cards are not refundable and Irancell undertakes no responsibility for returning the same.

The Limit on Number of SIM Cards Owned by Customers:‌‌

Please note that according to CRA instructions, it is only possible to register for and activate maximum ten (10) SIM Cards for each Iranian natural persons and three (3) SIM Cards for each non-Iranian natural person.‌

If the SIM Card owner decides to transfer the ownership of the SIM Card to another person, they should follow all Irancell regulations in this regard.‌‌ All the responsibilities associated with the SIM Card shall lie with the SIM Card owner until the ownership of the SIM Card is legally transferred to another person.‌‌‌

Regular Delivery:

When the postman arrives, the person under whose name the SIM Card has been registered needs to hand over a valid identity document and a copy of the same for identification purposes.‌

Valid identity documents for Iranian nationals shall include one of the following:

Smart National ID Card

New birth certificate containing a digital photo and National ID (a birth certificate lacking a photo shall not be valid) ‌‌

Old National ID Card together with the smart National ID Card receipt (sealed by an ICT service center, electronic services counter, post office, or civil registry office/a certificate approved by civil registry office/a National ID certificate)‌

A valid identity document for foreign nationals shall include one of the following:

A valid passport, Amayesh card, identity card, green card or VIP residence permit for foreign nationals. Other documents such as visa shall not be acceptable.

If the postman arrives at the announced address and the Subscriber is not present, the Subscriber may call Irancell Call Center by dialing 700 from Irancell lines or 09377000000 from other lines and ask for delivery of the product by the postman again.

Express Delivery: If you choose express delivery to receive the product within your selected time period, you need to be present at the announced address; otherwise, the product will be sent through regular delivery within 7 days.