Customer Obligations:

Before purchasing, the Customer shall check Irancell network coverage in the intended area using the “coverage map” available on Irancell website.

The Customer shall be responsible to enter accurate and correct identity information while purchasing a service or product. In case any inaccurate information is entered by the Customer, central authentication system will not be able to generate reference number; therefore, service registration and activation will not be possible and Irancell shall have no responsibility in this regard.

The Customer shall pay the payable amount announced in Irancell Online Store via available online payment gateway.

The Customer undertakes to prepare the required documents and provide them to the postman at the time of delivering the package. Otherwise, the postman may avoid delivering the package.

The Customer undertakes to avoid receiving damaged packages from postman. Irancell shall not be responsible if, after receiving the package, the Customer finds out that it is damaged.

The Customer undertakes to provide updated information and documents at the time of placing the order. In case any discrepancy is discovered at any stage, Irancell shall be entitled to avoid delivering the product or activating the services.

The Customer shall provide the 10-digit postal code of their domicile to be registered. Please refer to your utility bills (fixed phone, water, electricity or gas) to get the accurate postal code of your place of residence. Please be careful when entering the postal code and other information since the information recorded in your file (in Irancell system) is the basis for providing you Irancell gifts and services.

Irancell Obligations:

Irancell will be bound to deliver to the Customer, the purchased product or service within 30 working days as of registration and payment by the Customer.

Irancell shall send the purchased product to the address which is announced and registered at the time of placing the order by the Customer.

In the event that the Customer pays the price of a product or service the provision of which is found to be impossible later, Irancell shall refund the amount to the Customer.

Cancellation of product or service purchase before delivery:

Customers who purchase optical fiber Internet service via Irancell Online Store gateways may cancel their order within 3 working days after placing their order (prior to receiving the modem or any action with respect to service cabling) and ask for a refund.

To ask for a refund, the purchaser (the person under whose name the service is registered) may contact Irancell Call Center by dialing 789 (using Irancell lines) or 09377890000 (using other lines) or may raise their request through online chat with Call Center agents. (It's better to cancel your purchase as soon as possible, in order to avoid any extra payment or waste of time.)

Only the amounts which are paid using a bank card connected to a centralized account can be refunded. The payments made using gift cards or other similar cards are not refundable and Irancell takes no responsibility for returning them.

The amounts will only be refunded to the accounts which are used for purchasing the product; Irancell will not refund the amounts to any other account or the accounts belonging to other people.

If the order is canceled (before delivery of the product), the amount will be returned to the purchaser’s Irancell Online Store Wallet or bank account.

Money-back Guarantee Terms and Conditions:

Customers who purchase fiber optic service, if impossible to use the service in the announced address, may ask for a refund. It should be noted that the refund request shall be approved by the Technical Team of Network Division confirming the lack of appropriate coverage which can be examined merely based on the address registered. If the terms and conditions on returning the modem is fully observed, the modem return guarantee may be used in addition to the service refund.

Terms and conditions on returning the modem:

It is necessary to keep the original package of the modem and avoid throwing it away. All spares should be included in the package while returning the modem. The subscriber shall return the modem to Irancell in its original box.

In case of sticking any label, writing anything like address or explanation on the original package of the modem, or tearing and corrupting it, the modem cannot be returned.

Return policy does not include technical and apparent flaws such as break, scratch and the like on the body of the modem, which are caused by inappropriate usage of the product. It is necessary to have the invoice in order to go through the return procedure.
Change of Ownership:

If the owner decides to transfer the ownership to another person, they should follow all Irancell's regulations in this regard. All the responsibilities associated with the service shall lie with the owner until the ownership is legally transferred to another person.

In case of change of ownership, the new owner shall not be able to request for a money-back guarantee.

Delivery:

When the postman arrives, the person under whose name the service has been registered needs to hand over a valid identity document and a copy of the same for identification purposes.

Valid identity documents for Iranian nationals shall include one of the following:

Smart National ID Card

New birth certificate containing a digital photo and National ID (a birth certificate lacking a photo shall not be valid)

Old National ID Card together with the smart National ID Card receipt (sealed by an ICT service center, electronic services counter, post office, or civil registry office/a certificate approved by civil registry office/a National ID certificate)

Valid identity documents for foreign nationals shall include one of the following:

A valid passport, Amayesh card, refugee card, identity card, green card or VIP residence permit for foreign nationals. Other documents such as visa shall not be acceptable.

If the postman arrives at the announced address and the Subscriber is not present, the Subscriber may contact Irancell Call Center by dialing 789 (using Irancell lines) or 09377890000 (using other lines) and ask for delivery of the product by the postman again.

Note: In bad weather conditions (rain and snow), the delivery may be delayed.