To use Irancell online store services, the Applicant shall accept and comply with the following terms and conditions:

The subscriber is responsible for the validity of all the registration information, sent documents as well as compatibility of the information with the particulars of the individual, not to mention the consequences arising out of presenting false document and incorrect information.

Please pay utmost attention in entering your National ID.

The individuals over 18 years old are only eligible to receive SIM Cards.

An accurate 10 digit ZIP code correspondent to the address is required for registration. Please refer to your utility bills (fixed phone, water, electricity or gas) to get the accurate postal code of your place of residence. Please be careful while entering the postal code and other information since the information recorded in your file (in Irancell system) is the basis for providing you with all Irancell exclusive gifts and services.

Your dedicated call center number shall be 900 upon purchasing 0900 SIM card. please find further information in the manual.

The subscription fee for the postpaid SIM Cards is calculated for the active days and this amount is IRR 15000 for a full period.

Presently, the payment period of Irancell postpaid SIM Cards is two months. (The payment period is calculated as of the beginning of the odd month by the end of the even month).

You can monitor your SIM Card account using the following codes:

Inquiry and increase of consumption limit	*555*1*2*1#
Inquiry and payment of periodical bill	*555*1*2*2#
Inquiry and payment of mid-term bill	*555*1*2*3#
Inquiry of the bolt-ons balance	*555*1*4#
In case the postpaid SIMs bills are not settled within one year as of deactivation, the MSISDN will be vacated and de-registered.

What is the authorized credit limit?

The amount considered in the postpaid SIM subscribers by default. It means that the subscriber is enabled to enjoy mobile services during the cycle as long as the initial airtime limit is not reached.

The subscriber can define its authorized usage limit at the time of purchase based on its usage level.

The final price will be calculated based on the chosen authorized usage limit.

According to CRC resolution, in case the subscriber has deposited an amount in Irancell as the payment guarantee (authorized usage limit increase) and fails to settle its bill within the defined limit and the SIM card be deactivated (soft/hard suspension) due to indebtedness, the indebtedness will be settled by the said deposit and the credit limit of SIM card will be reset to regular status (prior to request for increase).

Regular Delivery:

When the postman arrives, the person under whose name the SIM Card has been registered needs to hand over a valid identity document and a copy of the same for identification purposes.

The selected SIM card will be sent to the purchaser upon completion of the processes and making the payment in a regular method (during 7 days) to the address communicated by the same.

Valid identity documents for Iranian nationals shall include one of the following:

National smart card

New birth certificate containing a digital photo and National ID (a birth certificate lacking a photo shall not be valid)

Old National ID Card together with the smart National ID Card receipt (sealed by an ICT service center, electronic services counter, post office, or civil registry office/a certificate approved by civil registry office/a National ID certificate)

A valid identity document for foreign nationals shall include one of the following:

A valid passport, Amayesh card, asylum card, identity card, green card or VIP residence permit for foreign nationals with validation date. Other documents such as visa shall not be acceptable.

If the postman arrives, the hard copy of registration form (with the particulars of the one who has registered the SIM card) will be sent to you for approval. To receive the purchased SIM card, please approve the form upon reading it fully by your signature and finger print and give it back to the postman together with a copy of your national card. For identification, it is a must that the SIM card owner be present at the time of SIM delivery.

As per SIM delivery, if the postman arrives and the subscriber is not present at the venue, the subscriber shall call Irancell call center (by dialing 700 from Irancell lines or 09377000000 from other lines) and ask for the delivery of the product by the postman again.

Express Delivery: If you choose express delivery to receive the product within your selected time period, you need to be present at the announced address; otherwise, the product will be sent through regular delivery within 7 days.

Note: The order may be delivered by delay in severe weather conditions (snow and rain)

Purchase Cancellation:

Customers who purchase their mobile SIM card via Irancell Online Stores may cancel their order within 7 business days after placing their order (prior to receiving the SIM card) and ask for a refund. To ask for a refund, the purchaser (the person under whose name the SIM Card is registered) may contact Irancell Call Center by dialing 700 from Irancell lines or 09377000000 from other lines or may raise their request through online chat with Call Center agents. (It's better to cancel your purchase as soon as possible in order to avoid any payment or waste of time.)

If you cancel your order (before receiving the SIM card), the amount will be returned to your Irancell Online Store Wallet and then you will be able to transfer the amount to your bank account or purchase again. Please be noted that refunding the amount to your bank account will be made within 72 working hours; otherwise, you can dial 700 from your Irancell lines or call 09377000000 to follow up the problem in refunding.

Please note that in case you wish to cancel your mobile SIM card purchase, you should not take delivery of the purchased product from the postman since the SIM cards delivered will not be subject to refund policy.

Only the amounts paid using a bank card connected to a centralized account can be refunded. Payments made using a gift card or other similar cards are not refundable and Irancell undertakes no responsibility for returning the same.

In case of purchase cancellation, the cost of delivery will not be refunded.

In case you have a multi-product purchase, you cannot cancel one of the products from your purchase basket. You can only cancel your order at once. Otherwise, all the purchased products will be delivered to you.

The Limit on Number of SIM Cards Owned by Customers:

According to CRA instructions, it is only possible to register for and activate maximum ten (10) SIM Cards for each Iranian natural persons and three (3) SIM Cards for each non-Iranian natural person.

If the SIM Card owner decides to transfer the ownership of the SIM Card to another person, they should follow all Irancell's regulations in this regard. All the responsibilities associated with the SIM Card shall lie with the SIM Card owner until the ownership of the SIM Card is legally transferred to another person.

If you keep a SIM card in your purchase basket but another person pay for it before you, the SIM card will be sent to the same person who has successfully made the final payment.

I, the undersigned, have fully read all the above terms and conditions in regards with purchasing Irancell SIM Card as well as the Subscribers Agreement, and I am fully informed of its provisions and undertake to observe and implement the same. I also accept the probable legal or criminal responsibilities related to registering for and using Irancell SIM Card.