To use Irancell online store services, the Applicant shall accept and comply with the following terms and conditions:

The subscriber is responsible for the validity of all the registration information and submitted documents as well as compatibility of the information with the particulars of the individual, not to mention the consequences arising out of presenting false document and incorrect information.

Please pay utmost attention in entering your National ID.

Only the Applicants above 18 years old can purchase SIM Cards.

An accurate 10-digit postal code correspondent to the address is required for registration. Please refer to your utility bills (fixed phone, water, electricity or gas) to get the accurate postal code of your place of residence. Please be careful while entering the postal code and other information since the information recorded in your file (on Irancell system) is the basis for providing you with all Irancell gifts and services.

The new generation of SIM Cards can be used as Regular, Micro and Nano SIM cards.

The Internet connection fee during the registration process is to be paid by the purchaser which will be calculated based on the tariffs set by the Internet service provider company.

In the event of a SIM Card being stolen, lost, or damaged, the subscriber shall immediately inform Irancell either via calling the call center, or by referring to one of the service centers and/or authorized dealers and block the SIM Card. Otherwise, the SIM Card owner shall be held responsible for any consequent misuse.

If the Prepaid SIM Card has no transaction within 90 days as of SIM Card activation (except for free usages) Irancell may, according to the terms and conditions set out under Prepaid Subscriber's Contract, either hard suspend or deregister the SIM Card considering the account balance.

Regular Delivery:

When the postman arrives, the person under whose name the SIM Card has been registered needs to hand over a valid identity document and a copy of the same for identification purposes.

Upon completing the process and making the payment, the selected SIM Card will be sent by regular mail, within 7 working days, to the address announced by the subscriber.

Valid identity documents for Iranian nationals shall include one of the following:

Smart national ID Card

New birth certificate containing a digital photo and National ID (a birth certificate lacking a photo shall not be valid)

Old National ID Card together with the smart National ID Card receipt (sealed by an ICT service center, electronic services counter, post office, or civil registry office/a certificate approved by civil registry office/a National ID certificate)

A valid identity document for foreign nationals shall include one of the following:

A valid passport, Amayesh card, identity card, green card or VIP residence permit for foreign nationals. Other documents such as visa shall not be acceptable.

When the postman arrives, the hard copy of registration form (including particulars of the SIM Card owner) will be provided for receiver’s approval. Before receiving the purchased SIM Card, please read the information, sign the registration form bearing your fingerprint and return it to the postman along with a copy of National Card. The owner's presence at the time of delivery is a must, for identification purposes.

If the postman arrives at the announced address and the Subscriber is not present, the subscriber may call Irancell Call Center by dialing 700 from Irancell lines or 09377000000 from other lines and ask for delivery of the product by the postman again.

Express Delivery: If you choose express delivery, in order to receive the product within your selected time period, you need to be present at the announced address; otherwise, the product will be sent through regular mail within 7 working days.

Note: In bad weather conditions (rain and snow), the delivery may be delayed.

Purchase Cancellation:

Customers who purchase their SIM Cards via Irancell Online Stores may cancel their order within 7 working days after placing their order (prior to receiving the modem) and ask for a refund. To ask for a refund, the customer (the person under whose name the SIM Card is registered) may contact Irancell Call Center by dialing 700 from Irancell lines or 09377000000 from other lines or may raise their request through online Call Center agents. (It's better to cancel your purchase as soon as possible, in order to avoid any extra payment or waste of time.)

If you cancel your order (before receiving SIM Card), the amount will be returned to your Irancell Online Store Wallet and then you will be able to transfer the amount to your bank account or purchase again. Please note that the related amount will be refunded to your bank account within 72 working hours; otherwise, you may follow the refund by dialing 700 from your Irancell SIM Card or 09377000000 from other lines.

Please note that in case you wish to cancel your SIM Card purchase, you should not take delivery of the purchased product from the postman since the delivered SIM Card will not be subject to refund policy.

Only the payments using a bank card connected to a centralized account can be refunded. Payments made using a gift card or other similar cards are not refundable and Irancell undertakes no responsibility for returning the same.

If the purchase is canceled the delivery cost will not be refunded.

The Limit on Number of SIM Cards Owned by Customers:

Please note that according to CRA instructions, it is only possible to register for and activate maximum ten (10) SIM Cards for each Iranian natural person and three (3) SIM Cards for each non-Iranian natural person.

If the SIM Card owner decides to transfer the ownership of the SIM Card to another person, they should follow all Irancell's regulations in this regard. All the responsibilities associated with the SIM Card shall lie with the SIM Card owner until the ownership of the SIM Card is legally transferred to another person.

In case you keep a SIM Card in your cart and another customer buys the same SIM Card and makes the payment, it will be sent for the one who has made the final payment earlier.

I, the undersigned, have fully read all the above “terms and conditions on purchasing Irancell SIM Card” as well as the “Subscribers Agreement”, and I am fully informed of its provisions and undertake to observe and implement the same. I also accept the responsibilities with respect to probable legal or criminal misuses related to registering for and using Irancell SIM Card.